<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_qnk_ldz_4pb" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title><ph id="_Toc69208411">Adding custom fields in JIRA</ph></title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>Task perfomed by the System Admistrator</navtitle>
        <searchtitle>Task performed to enable Remote Diagnostics support using VNC server.
        </searchtitle>
    </titlealts>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context/>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>To create a custom field, go to settings-> issues -> Fields category - > custom
                    field</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <note id="note_gx3_2q1_ppb">Here the field type used as a text box (Single line).
                    You can customerize the field according to the requirment.</note>
                <cmd>From the top right corner, click on create custom field. You can choose field
                    type according to the text input.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>To configure the custom field fill the details in text field with the name and
                    description, then click on create button.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Ensure that the new custom field has been created.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>To enable the custom field and your project, you need to select project screen
                    share to see in the created project. <b>You can find screen option in the
                        setting icon, which is next to new custom field.</b></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Select the checkbox to enable the screen, which field you want to displayed
                    and to update.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Copy the webpage URL to access the custom field.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
    <task id="task_hy4_cbf_ppb">
        <title><b><ph id="_Toc69208412">Map JIRA ticket status to align with ICD</ph></b></title>
        <titlealts>
            <navtitle>Task perfomed by the System Admistrator</navtitle>
            <searchtitle>Task performed to enable Remote Diagnostics support using VNC server.
            </searchtitle>
        </titlealts>
        <taskbody>
            <context id="context_rzn_mbf_ppb">Use the following command to map and align the JIRA
                ticket status with ICD.<codeblock id="codeblock_csg_pbf_ppb">
{
"Done":"CLOSED",
"Pending":"QUEUED",
"Work in progress":"INPROG",
"Open":"NEW"
}</codeblock></context>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
