<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_mxj_x2j_4pb" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Introduction</title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>Task perfomed by the System Admistrator</navtitle>
        <searchtitle>Task performed to enable Remote Diagnostics support using VNC server.
        </searchtitle>
    </titlealts>
    <shortdesc>This section contains information about the JIRA intregration with IBM Control
        Desk.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>ICD is used to provide users ability to raise tickets for IT services and including the
            issues on Software.</p>
        <p>In-house Software teams, uses the JIRA to manage Issues/Projects. In general  Atlassian
            suite is used  for Coding/Collaboration.</p>
        <p>Using ICD capability, JIRA is integrated to manage projects and issues.</p>
        <p/>
        <p>Once the integration with JIRA is completed, you will able to perform the below
            actions:</p>
        <ol id="ol_hmf_r3j_4pb">
            <li><div><b>Create issues in Jira:</b></div>Incidents reported by a user on ICD need to
                be forwarded to JIRA as an issue to be solved by the Software team.</li>
            <li><div><b>Update in Issue:</b></div> The status of the issue from JIRA needs to be
                reflected in the incident ticket. Also, update in description, priority of the issue
                will be reflected in ICD incident.</li>
            <li><div><b>Worklog update:</b></div>Any update in the comment in JIRA defect, will be
                updated as a worklog in ICD incident.</li>
        </ol>
    </conbody>
</concept>
