<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_prz_jhp_4pb">
    <title><b>Performing the JIRA Integration</b></title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>Performing the JIRA Integration</navtitle>
        <searchtitle>Performing the JIRA Integration</searchtitle>
    </titlealts>
    <shortdesc>This section describe the steps to performing the JIRA Integration.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p><b>The building blocks of ICD supported JIRA Integration with ICD without doing in
                    any Java level code changes (Ref. <xref href="dita_configuration_overview.dita"
                    />) . After making these changes in the configuration, no need to re-deploy ICD.
                    You do not required any downtime to achieve the goal.</b></p>
            <p>Do the following steps to perform the JIRA integration in ICD:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>JIRA must be configured with the API Token for authentication (Ref. <xref
                        href="dita_generating_the_Authentication_token_in_JIRA.dita"/> ).</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enable the automation rules plugin in the webhook configuration. Automation
                    rule plugin is necessary for two-way communication with the ICD. When there is
                    an update in JIRA ticket, the details of the ticket is immediately updated in
                    ICD. Rules must be imported with the required JSON (Ref. <xref
                        href="dita_Creationing_automation_rules_to_add_webhook_in_JIRA.dita"
                    />).</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>It is necessary to configure in JIRA with the custom fields for two-way mapping
                    with ICD.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>JIRA Endpoints must be added in Endpoints application.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Add a new Domain for Endpoints in ICD for multiple JIRA instances.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In database configuration, two new attributes are added in ICD. These
                    attributes are named as <b>Create JIRA ticket</b> (Checkbox whether user wants
                    to create ticket in JIRA) and <b>JIRA Endpoint</b> (JIRA Server URL).</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Use Application Designer to customize the new attributes in the incident
                    application.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>JIRA workflow must be mapped to the ICD workflow, and different fields like
                    priority, status, and description is mapped according to the JIRA fields.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Automation Scripts must be added with proper launch points.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>There was jar conflict for httpcore jar in TPAE folder as it had 2 versions
                        of the same jar and our automation script was giving ClassNotFoundException.
                        As temporary fix we have removed the “httpcore-4.2.4” and using the latest
                        one “httpcore-4.4.4”in TPAE lib folder.</b></cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
