<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_bwg_gg2_ppb" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Adding Domain in ICD</title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>Task perfomed by the System Admistrator</navtitle>
        <searchtitle>Task performed to enable Remote Diagnostics support using VNC server.
        </searchtitle>
    </titlealts>
    <shortdesc>This section gives the information how to add the domain configuration in
        ICD.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Domains define the values that are allowed in the fields. They can be available in
                lookup list dialog boxes that are also referred to as Select Value lists. Domains
                also define the values that can be typed directly in a field. Domains helps to
                ensure that valid and consistent data is entered and reported on. Domains are used
                throughout the product.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>In the End Points application, click <b>Domain</b> option.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create the domain to configure the JIRA Endpoint in the domain application,
                    then go to domain application</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Use <b>Add New Domain</b> option and select <b>Add New ALN Domain</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>A message box prompts you to provide the information about domain name, domain
                    type and the length.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>You can add JIRA value and the decsciption by using the <b>New Row</b>. You can
                    view or modify the ALN domain values by using <b>View/Modify
                    conditions</b></cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
