<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_nvy_bmj_4pb" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Configuration overview</title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>Task perfomed by the System Admistrator</navtitle>
        <searchtitle>Task performed to enable Remote Diagnostics support using VNC server.
        </searchtitle>
    </titlealts>
    <shortdesc>This section gives the detailed overview on configuring JIRA integration in IBM ICD. </shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>IBM ICD is a highly configurable product. With minimal technical skills, users can add
            new fields, make screen changes, or restrict values of attributes in ICD.</p>
        <div>
            <p>Use the following ICD solution blocks to integrate the ICD with JIRA:<ol
                    id="ol_nq5_frj_4pb">
                    <li>
                        <div><b>Automation Scripts:</b></div>
                        <p>Automation scripts are small, targeted pieces of code that can extend the
                            product. With the <b>Automation Scripts</b> application, you can create
                            scripts to automate tasks based on the events, or attributes of a
                            business object or based on actions or custom conditions.</p>
                        <p>The biggest advantage in automation scripting is the deployment process.
                            Unlike Java customization that can take hours to deploy if you’re
                            clustered, which makes developing and testing take substantially longer,
                            Automation Scripts can be added, modified, or disabled without any
                            downtime. That alone makes it hard to beat for most organizations.</p>
                        <p>To run the automation script, specify the following components</p>
                        <ul id="ul_a3p_bdk_4pb">
                            <li><div><b>A launch point</b></div>A launch point defines the execution
                                context for an automation script, for example when a business object
                                is updated, or a value is entered into a field. Some types of launch
                                point are supported, and the Automation Scripts application provides
                                a separate wizard application for creating each type of launch
                                point. </li>
                            <li><div><b>Variables and corresponding binding values</b></div>You can
                                specify the variables that determine how information is passed into
                                or received from an automation script in the wizard applications.
                                Variables are not mandatory, but when you use variables it
                                simplifies the amount of code that is written and makes it easier to
                                reuse the code.</li>
                            <li><div><b>Source code</b></div>You can write source code in an
                                external application and import it into the <b>Automation
                                    Scripts</b> application. </li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <div><b>Endpoint Configuration:</b></div>
                        <p>An endpoint and its associated handler routes outbound messages to an
                            external system. The combination of an endpoint and handler specifies
                            the transport protocol to use, such as HTTP or web service, and provides
                            the communication data required to reach the destination, such as a
                            URL.</p>
                        <p>Create an endpoint to identify the target location and the transport
                            mechanism that the integration framework, or deployment manager uses to
                            publish data, or to invoke a service.</p>
                        <p>Add a handler to an endpoint record to specify how to route outbound data
                            to a specific endpoint location. You can also add a handler to define
                            the data format that is used in the data transfers.</p>
                        <p> HTTP Handler is used by providing the metadata information for JIRA
                            Integration.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <div><b>Application Designer:</b></div>
                        <p>The Application Designer tool helps the user to create the XML for each
                            application, without touching the XML.</p>
                        <p>Applications in IBM ICD are stored as an XML document in the database.
                            This XML is then rendered by Maximo to show the different applications
                            that are available. A palette with all the available elements is
                            available and to add the elements to the application it is just drag and
                            drop to the desired place. Apart from the application itself, one can
                            also choose to edit the dialogues related to the application, signature
                            options, toolbars and select action menu.</p>
                        <p>The Control Palette in the designer has the whole list of elements which
                            can be added to any application. The application will be split in
                            sections, and then, in the sections one can add Tables, text boxes,
                            buttons, Images, Hyperlinks, and other elements. After adding the
                            elements, themselves, one will also need to change the properties of
                            each element.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <div><b>Database configuration:</b></div>
                        <p>Use the database configuration application to create or change objects
                            and attributes, and customize the database. An object is a
                            self-contained software entity that consists of both data and functions
                            to manipulate data. Most applications are associated with one main
                            object and other related objects.</p>
                        <p>When you use the Database configuration application, interact at the
                            business object level. Internally, the application determines the
                            actions to take on the database tables to support the needs of business
                            objects.</p>
                        <p>You can add MBOs and the attributes to the existing MBOs. Attributes can
                            also be Non-Persistent, even if the parent MBO is itself persistent. In
                            the Attribute section, one would set the type of the attribute, default
                            value, class, domain and many more features.</p>
                        <p>Although domains are a separate application, they are also used with
                            attributes. Setting domains to attributes will help you show and
                            validate the attribute data against a specific set of data. From the
                            database configuration, you can also set default values to attributes,
                            set auto-numbering and set if an attribute is required or not.</p>
                    </li>
                </ol></p>
        </div>
    </conbody>
</concept>
